Let me start by explaining my situation, mentioning every factor that i believe adds up to my current state:

When I was 10 I got diagnosed with asthma. I was excellent at school up to this point but after discovering the illness my grades dropped from perfect to terrible, barely passing some subjects. The spark of learning new things in school was fading.

One year before that (when I was 9) my parents started constantly arguing more and more often. This continued for 4-5 years. It was happening because of various reasons like cheating, etc. They weren't getting along and it was becoming worse with time. I was watching my family fall apart, completely powerless because I was a kid with no say. There were times where my parents would break stuff. There were times when one of my parents would leave for days, which made me think that our family is over every single time, just for them to come back and repeat the cycle.

All I could do is to distract myself with my computer and internet where I spent most of my days. I fell in depression, considering suicide for like 2 years but I was too scared to do it, coping by making constant suicidal jokes and chatting with people online. I knew my parents would grieve for me if I died, even though they barely showed any love to me. I used to see them only a few times a week because I barely went out of my room.

It wasn't like I was completely neglected though. They still ensured I always had something to eat, they treated me alright most of the time and even played with me at times, they shared food with me whenever I wanted. I'm not sure if it was all in my head but I just did not feel loved even after all that.

This led me to have no motivation in doing anything. I stayed all day and night inside on my computer/phone which combined with my asthma medication made me very overweight. My parents started shouting at me to go outside and socialize but I didn't comply which led to them occasionally limiting and taking my technologies (computer access, phone). They took my only coping mechanism away. But the only result from this practice is that I have became very privative and self centered. I constantly tell lies to avoid people screaming at me. They used to scream at me every day for various reasons and even started calling me degrading words like "dumb", "idiot" and etc., which hurt my mental health the most because my intelligence and critical thinking was the only thing I was proud of. I used to cry and have panic attacks almost every time they were shouting at each other.

There is one experience I will never forget. One time we were on a vacation at my grandparents' house in another city for new year. They were arguing once again because of the usual cheating suspicions and I started crying and having a panic attack. Then my mother said something that is ingrained in my brain - "When are you going to stop crying? Aren't you used to us arguing at this point?". I barely could even breath then because of how hard I was hyperventilating.

They still call me these degrading words to this day almost every time I do something wrong or forget something and it still hurts every single time. I feel like my memory has been degrading since it all started. I had no real life friends. I had no one to talk to. I felt so alone.

---

Now coming to the present and the aftermath of the whole ordeal.
After my mother gave birth to my siblings 3 years ago my parents haven't gotten in big scandals. They still scream at each other a lot and argue but I'm used to it. It's a routine at this point. I still feel bad hearing them scream. It's like a defensive mechanism inside me activates automatically. In my daily life though I feel like I have became almost emotionless, like a robot, completely led by logic. INTP by the way. I lack empathy. I can't sympathize with people's emotions.

There has always been pressure on me during all this time because of their expectations for my school and social life. I have mostly fixed my grades, being above average. I participate in different programs and clubs. I have achieved a lot of stuff which I am proud of but it is never enough for them. I feel like my efforts are never enough. I still mostly lack motivation to do things because of this. Because of that I have forced myself to be a humble person. I don't brag, nor complain. I have this feeling that no one cares. Who am I? No one. Who cares for my lousy achievements and problems? I am not the top 1% to brag. There is always someone better in the vicinity.

I have developed a habit of being the clown of the class/group. I believe this is because of the lack of attention from parents. This has led me to seek attention from others in a positive way. I love to make people laugh. I love knowing that I impacted someone's day by uplifting their mood. The easiest way to do this is basically being a clown, making a fool of myself. No one takes me seriously anymore, they think that I'm an idiot. And honestly I do not mind. I do not need their assurance. My opinion about me is of most importance. The most important thing to me is to avoid negative emotions from people and be in good terms with everyone and my way of doing that is not having a stereotypical personality which people may like or dislike. Although saying this is a bit hypocritical because being the class clown is definitely stereotypical, it still is the thing that has worked best for me and my relationship with people. The past year I have been hit with a maturity wave and I'm slowly removing this habit from my life.

After rejecting the clown way of being interesting I realized that I have a big problem with making friends. I'm not antisocial. I don't have problems talking to people. Because of my mundane and boring life to this point I have nothing to talk about when in a group. I feel left out, staying quiet most of the time. Everyone talks about past experiences and mutual friends but I have nothing to add. I can't find my place. People don't find me interesting. They slowly drift away from me.

All this time I was alone. I was left to deal with this trauma and understand my feelings all by myself at the age of 9-14. I have became a very calculated and possibly a bit manipulative (I'm not proud of this trait but it happens on it's own) person to avoid confrontations and people's negative emotions. I lie a lot and I am very mad at myself for doing so. I am very self aware about my trauma, my flaws and what it has done to me. But I'm still not sure if the trauma is really as bad as I feel it.

I wish I could feel normal. I wish I didn't see people as tools. I wish I could relate to emotions. I wish I could be more productive. I wish I could satisfy my parents. I wish I wasn't so forgetful. I wish I was one of these people that just do the things on their mind instead of being a thinker. I wish I could understand my own emotions. I wish I didn't doubt my own thoughts.